[Summarization] Add summarization and summary formats document to docs for publishing to fluidframework.com (#21873)
microsoft/FluidFramework: packages/runtime/container-runtime/src/summary/README.md

---
title: Summarization

> ---

Reviewer: Once you follow the patterns I noted, this "front matter" can live only in the docs file.

Author: done.

-   The ordering service then responds to the summarize op:
    -   If the summary is accepted, it sends a "summary ack" with the summary sequence number and a summary handle.
    -   If the summary is rejected, it sends a "summary nack" with the details of the summary op.
-   The runtime processes the summary ack or nack completes the summary process as success or failure accordingly.
    -   If the summary is successful, the handle in the ack becomes the last successful summary's handle which is used when upload summaries as described earlier.
    -   If the summary failed, the summarizer client closes and the summary election process starts to elect a new one.
-   The runtime has a timeout called "maxAckWaitTime" and if the summary op, ack or nack is not received within this time, it will fail this summary.

### Incremental summaries

> Summaries are incremental, i.e., if an object (or node) did not change since the last summary, it doesn't have to re-summarize its entire contents. Fluid supports the concept of a summary handle defined in [this file][summary-protocol]. A handle is a path to a subtree in a snapshot and it allows objects to reference a subtree in the previous snapshot, which is essentially an instruction to storage to find that subtree and populate into new summary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Summaries are incremental, i.e., if an object (or node) did not change since the last summary, it doesn't have to re-summarize its entire contents. Fluid supports the concept of a summary handle defined in [summary.ts in the protocol-definitions package][summary-protocol]. A handle is a path to a subtree in a snapshot and it allows objects to reference a subtree in the previous snapshot, which is essentially an instruction to storage to find that subtree and populate into new summary.
```
